The translation is very complex and to prove it
I will read the introduction again after you have translated it through Google Translation
- who is the best interpreter in the world - then I will translate it again
"The translation is very difficult.
- One of the best in the world - to prove it, after sending it to a translator Google ..
I will read it again in advance "
Well, I seem to have chosen a difficult language, but all the languages ​​I've tried have made different mistakes.
Chinese "translated by - hair - Google" In French, the introduction translated into
"It is - for the sane" and not "this - for the non-wise." Although these sentences were very easy
People who speak one language - and I'm embarrassed to be one of them .. I apologize for that -
People who speak one language, usually think you can
Open the translation dictionary .. Choose the appropriate words, and re-configure the sentence to fit the grammar
This is expressed in a correct sentence in the corresponding language! For simple sentences .. yes, this is possible
But the number of these sentences in the world is very few
Google published his article on how they managed ..
Transform the automatic translation into a differential equation in mathematics, and make it look for the content of the text in the large language space
Which is something new about trying to connect the destination to the individual, and also can deal with homogeneous words
Similar words but vary in meaning .. You can understand their meaning through the context
In the past, the phrase "water pump" was translated as "watercolor"
When that method is used for official documents, it will work well
But when using spontaneous conversations ... it will never be easy
Even the translation between British and American English is not always easy
Not because the "bonnet" has two different names in American and British.
But because the sentence "This is a great idea!" Not in English,
It means that you are stupid and your mind is impossible!
Sometimes, "destination" does not match the two languages, "Good Night" - French -
Literally have the same meaning as "good night" - in Spanish - I apologize for speaking to them.
One of them means - to become good - in the evening and the other used to say hello or goodbye
At any time after the absence of the sun
There is also a "destination" that can not be translated between languages ​​at all .. "You" in French
It translates to "fu / y" but in official use
And "you" if they are in informal and spontaneous use and even when talking to the Lord ... Yes, they use "to" with the Lord
The machine will combine these two words into "you" when translating into a second language
But you will not know the destination when you re-translate them into French
This is simply a simple 'linguistic honor / respect' system. In Korean there ..
Different pronunciation methods for all times and places. Remember these? Obba Gangnam Style
The English translation of "Oba" usually means "Big Brother of Women"
But in the colloquial language "Oba" is used to denote a person according to a series of complex and unclear laws
But it has an obvious meaning to the speaker. To make it worse, Sai,
Referring to himself in the form of the absentee .. This seems very strange when translating from the Korean language
There is no way to translate the meaning of these Korean words into one English sentence.
There is also the problem of common possibilities.
Some countries in the world tend to be punctual
If you book an appointment at 11, you are expected to arrive at approximately 11.00
- Friends often can delay - "The concert begins at 6 pm"
It means that guests will arrive between 6:30 and 9:00, but imagine this indulgence
And also accept this indulgence in times spread to all aspects of life
Welcome to the rest of the world! How much of this world
He walks on a system called "flexible time". Two appointments at the same time? They will understand the situation
... They will understand it!
Needless to say that there is a great cultural clash when the parties meet "flexible and precise dates"
But the machine when you see an English sentence like
"I'll see you at 7" you'll translate it without a noticeable note. "They really mean the seventh! ..
They will be angry if you delay your appointment! "
In conclusion, if you want to translate something accurately, you will not be able to know the connection of the word with the "destination"
You must understand the community, the content, the differences, and the hints
The common idea between the speaker and the future must be taken into account
Both have faith in him and want to reach him with the vocabulary they have chosen
Translators need to ask questions to the author
And to ensure that the authors reflect his intention and intention
The problem is not that language is complex - computers can adapt to it.
You can even solve "CAPTCHA" characters better than humans. The problem is that language
Based on the intentions, the common secrets .. The identity of the speakers and also hidden knowledge among them.
Do not misunderstand me, machine translation is a useful tool.
But trying to make a machine better translated from a human is nothing but ... an idiotic idea
Translated by Muhannad @Muha_x